documented mongodb query metrics support in the setup pages (#37127)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_mongodb/mongodbatlas.md

## Data Collected

### Standard Metrics

Refer to the [MongoDB integration documentation][4] for a comprehensive list of metrics collected by the MongoDB integration.

### Query Metrics

<div class="alert alert-info">
  This requires Datadog Agent v7.78 or later and MongoDB 7.0+ for Atlas Deployments.
</div>

Query metrics provide insights into the performance of your MongoDB operations. For more information, see [Query Metrics][5].

To collect query metrics, ensure you have granted the required permissions as described in the [Grant the Agent access](#grant-the-agent-access-to-your-mongodb-atlas-cluster) section.

> Then enabled query metrics in the `conf.d/mongo.d/conf.yaml` configuration file, below is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable query metrics in the `conf.d/mongo.d/conf.yaml` configuration file, below is an example:
```
